raspbian: new AppImage for armhf announcement (#15)
ja2-stracciatella/ja2-stracciatella.github.io: _posts/2022-12-19-release-armhf-0.20.0.md

---
layout: post
title: Release 0.20.0 for Raspbian
---

> As one of our goals to make this great piece of software available for different devices the Jagged Alliance 2 team has added an armhf-AppImage for Raspberry Pi's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As one of the project goals is to make this great piece of software available for different devices, the Jagged Alliance 2 Stracciatella team has now added an armhf-AppImage for Raspberry Pi's. You can download it from the download page.
```
